Note: No spoilers for Endgame in this post, for real. Read ahead. Dodging spoilers for anything is a continuous effort. Mainly because everything is so accessible these days. We're constantly surfing the InterWebs (well, social media, really) - Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, SnapChat, YouTube and the likes. Talking of spoilers, Avengers: Endgame released last week. I've been an MCU fan for a while now, mainly because of the **connectedness** of all the previous films. It is a must watch. Try to ignore the spoilers, but watch the entire series anyway. To avoid spoilers for this beast of a movie, I decided to leave Instagram and WhatsApp. Well, I'd already left Instagram before, for other reasons, so, WhatsApp was the IM I was using exclusively. _Facebook toh bhool hi jaao. People rarely use it._ So, let's get into it. The need for IMs, WhatsApp in this case, as that is probably one of the most popular ones, others being Hike I suppose. What do we use WhatsApp for? Let's break it down, no particular order here.

*   Creating groups and annoying people in the process. (You can limit who adds you to a group now, by the way, just saying \*wink wink\*)
*   Exchanging information quickly, talking about serious stuff, no fooling around.
*   Casually talking, chilling. (The _LOLs_ and _hahas_ of your life)
*   Exchanging photos. (You lose quality guys, use something like Google Photos)
*   Exchanging memes. (Yep. It's cool as long as the frequency is less)
*   Showcasing their life. Stories. (I assume SnapChat introduced this, and we have these everywhere now.)

So, I tried not to use WhatsApp for around two days. Well, I didn't uninstall it. You disable the Mobile Data for the app and stay on Mobile Data without connecting to a Wi-Fi to stay offline, internet will work in other places. Thank god. Realized you need internet for basically anything if you go dark for a while. And, the experience was excellent. No distractions. Felt like I had all the time in the world. I did miss talking to the few people I used to every once in a while though. Also, it is difficult to organize a PUBG team when one of them is just offline. Old-fashioned calls to the rescue. The experience is quite freeing indeed and I certainly recommend trying it. Even for a day. Going somewhere with friends would be perfect with this. Disconnect. Went to watch Endgame. Enjoyed it. Loved it. No screwing up this time.